V5 release note - Automation part (#871)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/automation/1-Introducing-the-Rules-builder.md

> # Introducing the Rules builder!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Introducing the Rules Builder!
```

::: meta-data type="New" ee-only="true" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-your-rules.html#the-rule-builder-tab"
:::

> Our Rules engine enables you to automate enrichment actions on specific product selections. To make easier its use and boost your productivity, we are very glad to announce the introduction of a brand new user interface to directly manage your rules from within the PIM. :champagne: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our rules engine enables you to automate enrichment actions on specific product selections. To make easier its use and boost your productivity, we are very glad to announce the introduction of a brand new user interface to directly manage your rules from within the PIM. :champagne: 
```

> Our rules engine enables you to automate enrichment actions on specific product selections. To make easier its use and boost your productivity, we are very glad to announce the introduction of a brand new user interface to directly manage your rules from within the PIM. :champagne: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our rules engine enables you to automate enrichment actions on specific product selections. To make it easier to use and boost your productivity, we are very glad to announce the introduction of a brand new user interface to directly manage your rules from within the PIM. :champagne: 
```

![New screen to manage your rules](../img/Rules_UI.png)

> In just a few clicks, you are now autonomous to create, update and delete rules. We hope it will definitely make rules management easier and faster for you. You'll find this feature under the `Rules builder` tab after you click on a rule in your rule grid.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With just a few clicks, you are now autonomous to create, update and delete rules. This will certainly make rule management easier and faster for you. You will find this functionality under the `Rules Builder` tab after clicking on a rule in your rule grid.
```

> With just a few clicks, you are now autonomous to create, update and delete rules. This will certainly make rule management easier and faster for you. You will find this functionality under the `Rules Builder` tab after clicking on a rule in your rule grid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In just a few clicks, you are now autonomous to create, update and delete rules. This will certainly make rule management easier and faster for you. You will find this functionality in the `Rules Builder` tab after clicking on a rule in your rule grid.
```
